("Sink or Swim" by Anne Morency)
♪ I linger there
At the cliffs on the water's edge ♪
♪ Feels like I could fall right in ♪
♪ I hedge my bets
Take a step ♪
♪ Let's see if I sink or if I swim ♪
♪ I lose earth and gravity ♪
♪ I feel you take a hold of me ♪
♪ Sweep me up and pull me under ♪
♪ Let your waves come crashing down ♪
♪ How long now before I touch the ground ♪
- [Rose] So how's New York?
- [Julia] So New York is a city.
- [Sam] A lot of people?
- [Julia] A lot of people, yeah.
- [Rose] Have you fucked most of them?
- [Gus] More than here?
- [Julia] No, I have not.
- [Zara] Were you staying in Chelsea?
- No, the art exhibition I'm having
in five weeks is in Chelsea though.
Oh my god, thanks for remembering, you
would love it, I'd love to have you there.
- I really want to go.
- [Julia] I told Patrick
all about you guys.
If you wanted to come and see the
opening, or maybe we could Skype?
- Square box.
I'm sure Peter would love to have
us all there, I mean Patrick, sorry.
- [Gus] It's Patrick Oldman.
- [Henri] Hey guys.
- [Everyone] Hello! Hi! Henri!
- My god. You didn't
tell me you were coming!
- I thought you were busy with stuff.
- I'm here.
- [Henri] I'm just going to get a drink, guys.
- [Julia] Yeah, where's your plus one?
- [Henri] My Tinder date?
She couldn't make it tonight.
- I haven't seen you in ages.
- She's crazy.
(laughing)
- You're crazy, Mr. Singular.
- [Julia] What?
- [Rose] Oh, by the way (whistling).
- [Zara] Oh my god, thanks
for spoiling my surprise.
- [Rose] I'm not that observant, but
don't you have purple eyeshadow on?
- I always have purple eyeshadow on.
- [Rose] And don't they have purple eyeshadow?
- [Julia] They do.
- Oh my god, I've missed you.
- I've missed you too.
- [Rose] G-string, I choose Henri.
- What did you say? Why is he
single-o? His with Millie.
- [Rose] She is no longer in our clan
and that causes celebration!
- [Gus] We're already having a celebration Rose!
- [Rose] I know!
- [Gus] This is Julia Return Day!
- Ok, tonight...
- [Julia] When did they break up?
- [Rose] Shouldn't you answer that question?
- Do we have to have
this conversation here?
- [Julia] Yeah we do, because you guys are shitting with me.
- [Rose] Welcome to the world!
- [Rose] Surprise!
- [Henri] Can we chat? Sorry guys.
- It's like your birthday
present, welcome to Melbourne.
- Thank you I'm so happy,
I'm so happy, oh my god.
- I was going to tell you.
- Yeah, but you didn't. Did you? And I asked you.
I said hey, how's Millie
going? Is Millie good?
- I was waiting until you got home.
- And you said she's well, she's fine.
- It's just easier to say that on
Skype. Now you're home.
- So you lied, you lied because what?
- Come on!
- You lied about Patrick.
- I didn't lie about him, I just didn't
tell you everything that happened.
- I told you that we're together.
- Do they know about Vegas?
- They don't fucking know about Vegas.
- Do your parents know?
- No, and no one's going to find
out about that, Henri.
- Until I'm ready to tell them.
- Fine.
- You're complaining all the time that
I'm too selfish and that I don't –
- I just wanted to wait. I'm sorry, I
should have told you before, but it's...
- It's just been messy.
- Well I'll tell my parents when I'm ready, alright?
Because it's Dad 60th and that's the focus.
And the focus is on him and my mum,
and make sure they're sane.
And ok that I live away, and
all that kind of stuff, so...
- I would appreciate it if you bide me some time.
- Ok.
- Great.
- We're cool?
- Yep!
- Let's have a good night.
- [Julia] Drink up!
So congratulations to Henri.
- [Everyone] Henri! Henri!
- [Julia] For being single,
and free from Millie.
- [Henri] Single life!
- Talking about freedom. Will Peter –
Patrick let you ever step out
of your little square box? Will you?
- Look, I told him about my choices
in life and he's open to that.
And like you and I were doing
when we were together
I'd let him know before I did something.
- [Rose] Yeah, but Zara was cool.
- [Zara] And you didn't always let me know.
- But I would text you if I
was out and I met a girl.
- How long after you met him
did you sleep with him?
- He actually wouldn't let me sleep
with him for about a week.
- [Henri] He wouldn't let her!
- [Zara] About a week!
- [Julia] It was sexy!
- [Sam] Was he on his period?
- Who are you? Who is this guy?
(laughter)
- And, if you were in an open space –
- Oh, we didn't have sex in the gallery.
(laughter)
- [Rose] With your eyes!
G-string and Just Sam?
Would you ask each other or tell each
other if you wanted to fuck somebody else?
Or would you just not want to know?
- Oh no, we have done
that and it doesn't work.
- That doesn't work?
- It doesn't work for us.
- And sometimes people don't
actually want to fuck other people.
- [Julia] It worked fine for us.
- [Sam] Zara's face doesn't say it worked fine for us.
- [Zara] I don't really want to talk about it.
- [Gus] Yeah, worked fine for you!
- [Julia] Who are you?
- [Gus] He's observant.
- I don't want to...
- [Zara] Yeah, I really don't really want to do this.
- [Rose] Julia, you really need to just tell me this?
- [Rose] J!
- [Julia] Come on, it's your
turn to kiss someone, go!
- [Henri] What?
- [Julia] Yeah.
- [Rose] J?
- [Julia] What?
Since when have you wanted
to just fuck one person?
Because since I've known you
that has been the most
fearful thing in your existence.
(upbeat music)
♪ And I wonder ♪
♪ Every day ♪
♪ Oh I wonder ♪
♪ Where to stay ♪
♪ I don't know where to go ♪
♪ Without you near me ♪
♪ I just want your chemistry ♪
♪ Ahhh ♪
(laughter and cheering)
- So, there is something
I want to tell you guys.
I really wanted to let you know that,
Patrick and I have been
really happy together.
Patrick and I have been...
Really happy together and I want
you to know that we actually
decided to commit to each other
in a really beautiful way and
he's excited to meet you
and be able to call you guys...
He's excited to meet you
and is excited to be able...
We went to Vegas and
thought it would be fun.
To...
God damn it.
I want you guys to know.
That...
You have a son in law.
Whoʼs...
I love him.
I really love him.
(door opening)
- [Tim] Jules?
- [Julia] Yeah?
- Lunch is ready.
- Yeah, I'm coming.
(Footsteps)
- [Anita] Sweetheart, you're
playing with clay at the dinner table.
- [Julia] Well, I actually
wanted to talk about that
and the fact that I'm excited to share –
- [Anita] That's disgusting!
- [Julia] What?
- [Tim] I think you need to go and wash.
- [Julia] I will! I want to just finish this piece.
- [Anita] She gets that from you.
- [Anita] Not from my side.
- [Julia] It's about to end!
I just need to finish it,
it's nearly done I promise.
I really want to show you
more of the work I'm doing.
- [Anita] Darling?
- [Julia] Yeah?
- Not at the table, please.
- [Julia] Ma, it's –
- Not at the dinner table, please.
- [Julia] Okay, okay, okay. I'll stop.
I just wanted to say that I would like
us to Skype more often together and...
- [Tim] Of course.
- [Julia] I'm having this big exhibition in New York.
- [Anita] You're not staying longer?
- [Julia] Here?
[Anita] Yeah.
- [Julia] Yeah, I'm
here for Dad's birthday.
- [Anita] Okay. I hoped that
you'd stay a bit longer than that.
- [Tim] We thought that you
would stay a bit longer than that.
- [Anita] Anyway...
- [Tim] A couple of weeks, three weeks maybe?
- There's some really handsome
young men coming to dad's birthday party.
(doorbell)
- [Julia] Did you invite someone?
- [Tim] No, I don't know.
- [Julia] Who is that? Dad!
- [Tim] I don't know, I'll have a look.
- [Julia] I can't do sculpture but dad's
allowed to have business meetings at lunch.
Mum, this is ridiculous.
- [Anita] They can probably smell
the roast down the street.
- Anyway playing with clay at the table is grotty.
- [Julia] All right. I'll clean the glass.
I just don't want it to dry out.
You know what I mean.
- Look what I found at the door.
- [Henri] Surprise!
- [Anita] What a lovely surprise.
- [Henri] Hope you like Cab Sav.
- [Anita] I was just talking about...
- [Julia] What the fuck are you doing here?
- [Anita]... our handsome friend.
- [Henri] How are you?
- [Julia] What's he doing here?
- [Tim] I don't know. I
know nothing about this.
- Are you having business
meetings when I'm not around?
- [Henri] Long time no see!
- [Julia] What are you doing here?
- [Henri] Your mum invited me.
- What the fuck?
- She called me.
- [Julia] That's amazing.
- [Anita] Darling, do you
want to look after everyone?
- I'm going to go back to making my sculpture.
- [Henri] Where should I sit?
- [Anita] To having our
beautiful daughter back.
- [Henri] Yes, you must be happy.
- [Anita] To having a handsome young visitor. And
of course to your birthday tomorrow. Let's toast.
- [Julia] Yeah go dad!
[Everyone cheers]
- [Tim] Eye contact!
- [Julia] Eye contact, yeah,
yeah, yeah. Eye contact!
- [Tim] Henri, how do you
happen to be here today?
- [Julia] Yeah, Mum.
- Well I got a phone call, well, Iʼll
let you explain the story, Anita.
- [Anita] Okay. Well could I have a
60th and not have Henri here?
Would it be your true birthday?
He's part of the family.
- [Julia] Like a little brother.
- [Julia] Dad, how many brussel sprouts do you want?
- [Tim] Two, thanks.
- Two, alright. Do you want carrots?
Oh shoot!
- [Henri] What a catch!
- [Julia] I think my dad wants your germs.
- [Henri] Ten second rule.
- [Tim] So, Patrick. So
what's happening there?
- Well, we're really happy together.
We've been living together about
twelve months now.
Which has been really special.
- [Tim] What does he actually do?
- He's the art critic for
The New York Times.
- [Tim] So he's a critic. He doesn't do,
he critiques other people's doing.
- [Julia] I'm glad you mentioned it.
Okay, so Henri knows about this.
So he does sometimes do.
He sometimes dabbles in some
charcoal work and some sketches.
So he wanted you both to have this.
It's a portrait of me when we
first met in our first month.
It's on the writing paper
because he's a critic, right.
So he wanted to share the writing of time,
- the body lines.
- [Anita] It doesn't look a lot like you.
- [Henri] Yeah, I was going to say that.
- Mind you, he's a critic, not an artist.
- [Julia] Youʼre kidding, really?
- [Henri] I don't think
it really looks like you.
- [Anita] Yeah, it doesn't.
- [Tim] The eyes maybe, but...
- [Julia] Anyway, so it's
for you dad, yeah, thanks.
- [Tim] The only thing I'm a bit concerned
about is the age difference.
Because he's quite a bit older than you.
- [Anita] A bit?
- [Tim] I mean is this a daddy complex or something?
- [Julia] No.
- [Julia] Yeah, I think we're on a mental –
- [Tim] What's the age difference?
- [Julia] It's a bit
- So youʼre like the handbag, are you?
- [Julia] I'm not the
handbag Mum, that's horrible.
That's horrible! He really wants to meet you
guys, he's nice, can you tell them how kind he is.
- [Henri] Yeah, I've seen him on Skype.
He seems like a really nice guy.
- [Julia] That's so degrading.
What do you take me for? Mum, Iʼm my own
artist, I'm making work, I'm selling my stuff.
- [Anita] So you don't need him.
- I don't need him. I'm choosing to be with
him because it's great to be with him.
He's really supportive, he understands what I
do, I don't have to justify myself every day.
- [Henri] He's been helping
Julia a lot in the last six months.
Yeah and it's not like being here where I'm
always having to justify what I do to family,
to your brothers always asking, come on!
- [Anita] I've never known
you to need help with your art.
- I don't need help with my art. I'm
feeling passionate and focused in my art.
I'm having an exhibition of my own,
big sculpt pieces in Chelsea. I'm –
- [Anita] That part I'm happy about.
- [Julia] Great.
- [Anita] I'm not happy about
you living there, I prefer you living –
- [Julia] I know –
- [Tim] We have been very supportive of you
- [Julia] Yeah, I know and I am grateful for that.
- [Tim] going away and pursuing your art.
I mean if I had my way, you would
have gone into financial law.
- Dad, I had a scholarship for art.
- [Tim] I know.
- [Julia] I got a scholarship to go America and study and bring –
- You're one subject off a law degree.
One subject off a law
degree. It's still sitting there.
- And I can go back to that if I want to.
- If.
- I am doing really well.
- You always said that you
were going to move back here.
New York was only supposed to be temporary.
- I wasn't getting any attention here.
No one took me seriously.
And there I am making work every day.
- [Henri] Do you think Patrick would
come back over here and live here?
- [Julia] Ah, maybe. Yeah, sure.
I mean he loves me. He wants me to be happy, he
wants to be where I am and we'd make that work.
- [Tim] How serious is it?
- Um.
It's pretty serious.
Yeah, we took a trip to Vegas, actually.
- [Anita] We should go. Why don't we
go over there? That would be great.
We could go on holiday.
Would you like us to come?
- [Julia] It would be amazing to
have you guys there for the art exhibition.
- Or maybe we can come to the exhibition, and
fly to vegas on the way back, or something?
- Would you like to join us?
- [Henri] Yeah, I'd love to go to Vegas.
- [Anita] Would you mind if it was just us? And
we left Patrick at home to have quiet family...
- [Julia] I think we could totally have family
time, the three of us together, but I, ah -
- No, the four because
Henri could join us -
- [Julia] Well, Vegas is actually a special
spot for Patrick and I. We got...
We got married there.
- [Tim] I'm sorry?
-Yeah, I'm married. You have a son-in-law.
-When did you get married?
-Did you know this, Henri?
-Yes, I mean I shared it with Henri.
-Yes, Julia told me.
- [Anita] When did she tell you?
- About six months ago.
- [Anita] So everybody knew it except for
us! And they've been married for six months!
- Fuck you! You said...
- Our only daughter gets married and we don't
know about it and we're not even invited.
- [Julia] No, we want... we wanted
it to be something special -
- [Anita] It would have been something special
if you got married and invited your parents.
- [Julia] It just happened, Mum.
- No, it doesn't just happen.
- [Julia] It does just happen. It was love.
We fell in love and it was amazing,
so we took a flight down there, okay.
- [Anita] You're not a little child.
-I'm not a child. You're right. I went with my
gut, it made sense, it's what I'm here to do.
- [Anita] And, your gut is to what?
Our only daughter!
- You guys don't own me. Come on!
[Julia] I want to be able to discuss this with you.
For you to be happy about the choices I've made.
You guys had a similar problem when you
first got together, like it was challenging
at the time to be from different universes, different cultures.
- [Anita] We had our parents at our wedding.
- [Julia] Mum, this is not fair.
I really wanted to share -
- [Anita] You're right, it's not fair.
- [Julia] What the fuck!
Why can we never have
a discussion in this place?
Did you get married by Elvis or what?
- Oh, fuck you!
It's really great to see you, Henri, thanks
for coming. Really great. Thank you.
(sad music)
(knocking)
- Hi.
Got you something to cheer you up.
- It was my thing to tell them and you had no
right letting them know itʼs been six months.
I don't understand what the fuck you
are you doing here, so...
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I just didn't expect that would happen.
- Yeah well, I did. Today
was my one day to tell them.
My one day to like deal with all this shit
before the birthday, before they
throw a tantrum, have a hissy fit and...
I don't get it.
I don't get why you would
feel entitled to show up.
- I didn't show – I didn't know.
It was just so hard in the moment,
your parents were asking me to –
- When did she ask you to come over?
When did that happen?
- It was only a few days ago.
Why would I say – Of
course I would say yes.
- You have a life, don't you?
Don't you do other things, Henri?
- I wasn't doing anything tonight.
(Julia sighs)
So thought I'd come over for lunch
and hang out and...
Have cake.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(laughing)
- [Julia] Fuck you, no fucking way.
That is for you gate crashing –
- Your party?
- My coming out to my parents.
- [Henri] Lick it off.
- [Julia] No fucking way.
- [Henri] Yum, that tastes so good.
- Good.
Do you not like Patrick?
- [Henri] I didn't say I don't like him.
- You didn't seem to really
describe him to my parents the way
you said you care about him.
- I said he was nice. I
said he's helping you out.
- When you had Skyped –
- Did you hear me say that?
- Yeah. When you guys
are together on the screen,
he'll leave, you're like "Heʼs so great."
Where was that Henri?
- It was hard with your parents.
They didn't seem to be a fan.
- They need to hear that he is good.
- Well, it was really awkward.
- Alright.
- What now?
Mum's probably outside the door, isn't she?
She told you to come
in. She's like "Henri."
"Henri."
- "Bring her cake, make her feel better."
- She simply likes the idea of it.
- Of who?
- Of this.
- Of what?
This is our minister who's
going to marry us. Ready?
Do you Henry with an
'i' take Julia with an 'aʼ?
- Shut up.
- Is that a yes?
- Can you eat some cake or I'm going to eat it.
- Here's your wedding cake.
- Awww.
- That's so good.
- Stop it.
- You going to give me a kiss?
- Maybe.
- Hmm.
- [Julia] I was asked to be in a polyamorous
relationship in New York before I met Patrick.
- Really?
- Yep. Twice. Two different people.
I started talking about the vaginas I was making
and the art forms we were doing because right.
So I was describing the work that I do.
And this lady is like "Oh how awesome.
Hey meet my husband."
I was like "Oh hi" and
he was like "Hi, Iʼm Ted."
They meet up with me a week later for coffee
and then "Look, we want to tell you something."
"We practice polyamory and we'd
love for you to be our next threesome."
- Wow.
Sounds like a pretty good offer.
- [Julia] It was a pretty good offer.
She's a lawyer on Wall Street.
- Millie was a lawyer.
Don't need any more of them.
Too structured. Just just go with the flow.
- That's what I did and apparently, according to you
and my parents, I'm a piece of shit for doing that.
"Go with the flow but make sure you have an
encyclopedia of what you have to do, like rules."
- Go with the flow and
lying are two different things.
- I didn't lie!
- All right, all right, you didn't lie.
- You didn't say to me ever,
"Hey Julia, are you married?"
Did you?
- How was I meant to –
- Right. So I didn't lie to you.
- Who would ask someone if they're married?
- I could be like, "Right now,
do you have constipation?"
- [Henri] That is the dumbest thing.
- No, really. And if you had it and
you said no then it would be a lie.
But if I didn't know to ask you,
that's all that happened. So...
- I didn't ask for your view.
- I didn't lie to you. We've been through this, come on!
- No, itʼs fine.
- I didn't lie.
- Yes, you didn't lie.
- I just didn't tell you.
- Yes.
- I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
I wasn't ready to tell you sooner.
- What made you decide to just get married?
- He asked me.
- [Henri] That's it?
- It was fun.
- Is that how it happens?
- Fuck you.
He was impulsive. He was like
I've got some time this weekend.
Do you want to go to Vegas? I was like,
"Yeah, let's go to Vegas!"
- I've got some time this weekend!
- And when we got to Vegas,
he's like "Do you want to marry me?"
I was like "Yes! That sounds great!"
- So we did it.
- Seems like a pretty quick decision.
- You just said follow the fucking flow.
- I didn't mean to go get married.
- Yeah, follow the flow but don't do this, don't do that.
Well the flow got me married!
- Sure did.
- I was flowing with my menstrual cycle.
- You're married and what are we doing now?
- Come to bed.
How are you?
- [Julia] That's the question.
- [Henri] I'm good.
- [Julia] This is nice.
(kiss)
(romantic music)
(moaning)
(loud moan)
(grunting and moaning)
(slow heavy breathing)
(moaning)
(sad music)
(phone beep)
(moaning)
(intense music)
(moaning and grunting)
(heartbeat and heavy breathing)
(crashing waves)
(wooden spoon tapping)
- How was your day honey?
-[Milana] It was fine.
- [Rosalie] Yeah, what did you do?
- Studied all day.
- [Rosalie] What, exactly?
What was happening?
- [Milana] Children of war
and generational violence.
- You know today in
the office, it was crazy.
We got a new software.
And nobody is understanding it.
We are all struggling.
So complicated.
Do not get why we got a new system.
- I'm sure you'll will be
fine baby, you're so smart.
- And you know when I went home,
I saw this couple again.
With the crazy hair. You know we saw
at the bar with the pink hair?
- [Rosalie] They wear it all the the time like this.
- [Milana] Really?
- [Rosalie] Yeah, that's crazy. You'll never
find a job like this. Not in the office.
Yum... Yeah, I think it's
good, in a few minutes.
So maybe, do you think...
We can have a little time?
- No, baby.
I really have to study. I have a
test tomorrow, you know.
- You sure?
- Yeah
- Oh, ok. Got it.
Oh, so that's your study, huh?
You're studying prostitutes?
- No.
- [Rosalie] Good ass though.
What does this say about her character?
- [Milana] You tell me.
I think you know best.
- I think you are a dirty girl.
(phone rings)
- Luka?
- No.
Hello.
How are you?
(camera click)
- Is it for your Instagram,
or for Sugar Babies Online?
- Instagram.
I look disgusting.
- You don't look disgusting.
Don't say something like that.
- I like this underwear
though, it's very nice colour.
- It is.
I think we could improve the image.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- What would you suggest?
- Try again?
- Okay, yeah.
- And maybe like that?
(laughing)
(camera click)
Maybe that's better?
- That's much better.
- People have to see that your
tits are real nice you know.
- They're real.
- Oh, they're real.
Real tits.
(giggling)
They're better, aren't they?
(squealing and laughing)
- You can do that later.
- Whoa, do that later!
(kissing and heavy breathing)
- [Milana] I love it when you do that.
Take that off.
(heavy breathing)
(laughing)
- Bye bye panties.
(romantic music)
(moaning)
(spitting)
- Sweet to see how bad you are.
(laughing)
(phone ringing)
- Luka?
Is it Luka?
- [Milana] Luka.
Luka.
(foreboding music)
(dance music)
- [Rosalie] Hey, cutie!
- How are you?
- I'm fine, how are you?
- I'm good. We're almost done.
- It's ok, let's hang out.
- Want to have a drink?
- Yes.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
(music off)
- [Rosalie] Cutie, how was your day?
- You look tired.
- I am so tired. Fuck.
So sick of all these men in Berlin. They
just take so much, I give so much.
- Maybe you should quit.
- Yeah?
- Get a normal job.
- Normal job?
- Yeah.
- What can I do?
- Or a job in a bar.
- I know I wanted to study. I mean study and
then I want to go work, and you know this.
- But you are already studying and working.
- Yeah, but...
- So?
- I mean work after as a psychologist.
- I thought just because you said you don't like it.
- Yeah.
- That's okay, cutie.
- Yeah, but I mean...
Luca is okay though. He's not so bad.
- Okay.
At least he's smart.
Knows a lot about business.
A lot of money.
- So... what's the plan for tonight?
You're tired, just go
home and have a pizza?
- Rosalie, I have to tell you something.
So Luca is coming to Berlin.
Give me a lot of money to stay
in his villa while he's here for one week.
And I said yes.
- You...
Staying with him one week?
- [Milana] Just one week.
One week only.
- And you already said yes?
- [Milana] I know should have, obviously
should have talked to you, but –
- Yeah, obviously.
- It's a lot of money.
(sighs)
- [Rosalie] Why didn't we talk about this before?
- [Milana] Obviously it doesn't mean anything. You know this.
- So you say always, it
doesn't mean anything.
- [Milana] It doesn't mean anything.
- [Rosalie] He is calling at night.
- You're speaking a language I can't understand,
I don't know what the hell you are talking about.
- It's work.
- He's texting every fucking –
- It's work, Rosalie.
- Every fucking day, he is texting you.
- It's always, always work.
- It's too much
I have a feeling you are spending more time
texting Luca than we are spending time together.
- That's fucking ridiculous.
We're together all the time.
- Is it too much for you?
- No.
- You want to break?
- No!
- Then why you do this?
Why you do this, Milana?
- What did I do?
I need this, I need the money.
We can do so much with this.
- [Rosalie] So you said yes?
When do you go over there?
When is it?
- Day after tomorrow.
(sigh)
- Can I ask you something?
- Yes.
- Are you sure you still love me?
- [Rosalie] Yeah?
- [Milana] Yes.
- I love you more than
I've ever loved anyone.
Ever.
- So you do it for one week.
- [Milana] Then maybe I stop.
Yeah?
-Okay.
One time a lot of money and then stop.
I understand that.
It's okay.
It's okay, honey. I'll just get my stuff.
I'm tired, let's go home
Get a pizza.
- [ Milana] It's fine,
Thirty minutes, okay?
I'll just have a quick shower.
Okay.
I am sorry Rosalie, I have
a fucking appointment.
- Thought you quit?
- Somebody's got to make money, right?
- I'm not making money, huh?
- I need to make money
for me, you know this.
- That's nice, fucking strangers.
- [Milana] Off to shower.
- Thought we were going to eat pizza?
- Yeah, we will eat pizza.
- When? When?
- After I work.
- Yeah, after you work. You take shower
and then you go fuck on camera.
- It's not a job.
- It's a job for me.
- You said you will stop after Luka.
- I will stop after Luka.
- Just Luka, then stop.
- I will. I will stop!
- Why take this job?
- [Rosalie] You fucking addict,
you're a fucking sex addict!
- I'm not a fucking sex addict!
- [Rosalie] I don't know why you are doing this to me!
- [Milana] Fuck you!
- Fucking cunt!
- Fuck you!
- No fuck you, stop it!
(door slams shut)
(intense music)
- I love you.
- [Milana] I'm sorry.
("Flicker" by RUNTOLIFE)
♪ Something about you told me I ♪
♪ I had to find another way ♪
♪ Beginning again and running too ♪
♪ Where we belong ♪
♪ It's simple but
there's no need to float ♪
♪ Against the tide ♪
♪ It's all you have to find ♪
♪ I give it all ♪
♪ It's all you have to do ♪
♪ I give my heart one breath ♪
♪ Just one breath ♪
(crowd chatter)
- Yesterday was shit.
I think
I, um...
I got a bit emotional.
It was just...
A lot, you know.
It's just a lot.
I, um...
I don't want to lose you, you know?
I got worried.
My cutie.
You all right?
- Yeah.
(phone rings)
No. I won't, I won't, I won't.
- I'm here with you, okay?
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- [Milana] It's just us.
(train horn)
- Hello.
(giggling)
Do you like it?
- [Client] Ah yeah.
- It's just for you.
- You're making me so horny.
I'm already so wet for you.
(moans)
I'm so wet for you.
- [Milana] Such a dirty old man.
(giggling)
- Two lesbians are better than one.
(fake giggling)
(panting)
- Do you love this?
- Tell me how much you love this, Milana?
- Stopping after Luka? What the
fuck are you doing to me?
Why you are always doing this to me?
I'm fed up with it! You said
you stop! You said you quit!
(Milana whimpering)
- Tell me you stop.
- I didn't. I didn't.
(Milana crying)
- Crying little baby.
- Your such a –
- What!
- I'm such a what? You are the slut!
Look in the mirror!
- [Milana] You control me all the time.
You suffocate me all the time.
I can't even breathe with you.
- So, I let you fuck with the whole
world? And just like, I don't care!
I don't care.
(screaming)
(heavy breathing)
You're not sorry at all, are you?
- I'm sorry.
You're such a bitch!
- Ha, I am the bitch?
You're serious, I'm the bitch?
- You're the bitch.
- You're serious? Tell me who
is the bitch? Who is it?
Who is fucking guys? Who is it?
- Fuck you.
- Who is it? Is it me or is it you?
(heavy breathing)
- Tell me? Tell me Milana.
Who's the slut? Is it me?
Am I the sex addict?
(crying)
- Why do you treat me like this?
Why you still with me if
you treat me like this?
Why do you love me?
(sobbing)
- [Rosalie] I'm fed up!
Fucking whore!
- Fuck you
(whimpering)
- [Milana] So Luka has car outside.
I wonder what the villa will be like?
Maybe they'll be a jacuzzi.
So I shouldn't be gone
for too long, a week at most.
Okay, so...
I'm leaving.
Do you want to say bye?
- Sure.
(kiss)
- [Rosalie] Goodbye.
(kissing and moaning)
(romantic music)
- I missed you so much.
- Me too.
(kissing)
(chuckles)
- Hey.
- Where are you going?
Come back to bed. Tell me about your trip.
- Umm, I guess.
We had a party with friends.
We had a surprise party.
- For you?
- Yeah. It was fun.
- That's cool. Were your parents there?
- No, it was just my friends. Z was there.
So it was nice to see her.
- Z?
- Zara.
- But you talked to your parents?
- Yeah, I...
I don't think I'll be …
I don't think I'll be talking to
them again for a while.
- Why?
- They don't like that I'm
here and that I am married.
- I gave them the painting –
- So it's the whole package?
- I guess.
- Well, I mean...
They love you, right? They'll come around.
- They want you to be happy, right?
- Hey, I need to...
I need to tell you something.
- Okay.
- So...
I want you to know before I
tell you that I want you to
trust that I...
I love you.
I'm so happy to be your
wife and be with you.
- Good.
- Make art and create.
- So far so good.
- But when we met,
you said you loved me for who
I was and you knew who I was and
my identity,
my connection to soul and body.
I've never found someone
that I've just wanted to
just be with, just you.
But I...
(sad music)
I made a mistake. And I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
- What are you talking about?
You made a mistake?
Tell me what you're talking about?
- I slept with Henri in Melbourne.
- Henri in Melbourne?
- Yeah.
- It was just one time.
- Henri, your friend?
- Yeah, he's been a
friend for a long time and
we've had a connection
for a very long time.
Hey.
I'm really sorry that I didn't tell you.
Before it happened.
I mean that.
Babe?
Baby?
It's me. I'm still the...
same person.
- You know like...
I'm like a virgin in this kind of thing,
right? You know that like I'm a virgin?
Right?
You're my first time with
this kind of thing, right?
- I know, I know that and I...
- And we set up...
- You set up...
- Yeah.
- Protocols.
- For what?
- Yes.
- I've never wanted to...
I've never not wanted to …
I've never only wanted to
experience you or someone
for the amount of time that
I have... that I've been with you.
- Well, you haven't.
You haven't.
- What do you mean?
- Well, you haven't only experienced me,
now Henri is part of the picture.
- He's not part of the
picture. It was a one-off thing.
- Well, right now, in my picture,
he is part of the picture.
- Okay.
- Because that is my picture.
I know that you've had time, right?
I don't know, when did this happen?
- It was once. It was one time with –
- When? Like when you started,
at the middle, at the end?
- Did you get bored? Did you –
- I didn't get bored. It's not about being bored.
It's about connection.
And that's who I was when you married me.
- So, I didn't call enough?
- No.
- Or you weren't feeling our connection?
- No, I felt our connection still.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you
before it happened. I mean that.
I know that was our deal. I'm sorry.
I want to be able to do
that for you in the future.
- I really do –
- I know, I know, I know you're sorry.
I can't hear you say that right now.
I've heard you say it.
- It happened...
at my parent's place.
- Where were they?
- They were... They
had invited him for dinner.
- They were home?
- Yeah.
- And you and Henri
were in the same bedroom?
- I don't know. My mum –
- You don't know? You don't know?
- We had a huge fight. I hadn't –
- Who had a huge fight?
Me and my parents had a fight.
- You fought and you didn't know which
bedroom you were in because you were fighting.
- No, I was in my room.
- You were in your room. And Henri was in the room.
- He came in.
- He came in. So he was somewhere
else and he came in.
- He offered me a piece of cake and –
- And a little more
than cake it sounds like.
- Okay.
I'll tell you anything you want to know.
And I know it's tough.
And I won't say that 's'
word again, but I really...
I love you.
- I love you too.
I love you too.
- This is new for me too.
Baby?
(Patrick sighs)
Hey?
(footsteps)
- Good Morning.
- Morning.
Do you want some of this?
- No, I am okay. Thanks.
- I'm sure you are okay. I just wanted
to know if you wanted some coffee.
- That alright?
- That's fine. Yeah
- I got most of it, so if you
want some later.
So, listen, what you got on today?
- I have a meeting for that commission.
- Which commission?
- The one for the parks.
- Yes?
- Yeah
- Thank you. Which parks?
- The murals for the parks.
(phone vibrating)
- [Patrick] Oh, right. That's
great. Awesome.
I've got to get over to Carol's to
give her the spare set of keys.
Do you know where they are?
(phone vibrating)
I thought you used them last time.
- Wasn't it you? Okay.
- No.
- They're not here.
- Alright.
- Fuck! What am I going to do?
Do you know what time
the hardware store opens?
- No.
(phone message beep)
- You gonna get that?
- No, it's alright.
- Look, if you want to talk
to your friend.
- It's fine. He can leave
a message or whatever.
- Well, you can check the
message. See if he left one.
I am open with it. This is an open
relationship, right? So I am open to it.
- Fine.
- [Henri] Hey, Jules. Just checking in to
see how the preps going for your exhibition.
Hope it's all going well.
No doubt you're very busy.
Yeah, give me a call back
when you got a sec.
Chat to you soon. Bye.
- Got a sec?
- [Julia] No. I said
I will call back later.
- Okay, Jules.
- Thanks, Patrick.
- [Patrick] Alright, I'm going to go.
- [Julia] Okay
- Bye.
(footsteps)
- Hello.
- Hi.
(phone slapped down)
- Damn it.
- What's...
- [Julia] What's going on?
- I'm checking my email,
that's what's going on.
- Okay.
- [ Patrick] No, Michael.
- [Julia] I'm Julia.
- Oh my God! It's Julia.
Yeah, I know. I'm talking to Michael.
Michael seems to think that
the opening is happening
on a Friday instead of a Thursday.
- What the fuck?
- Yeah, the fuck. Exactly.
- Oh, what?
- [Julia] Do we need to –
how do we change that?
- People have to come on Thursday.
- We don't have to do anything.
I am just sharing with you
because we share a privileged overlap.
A Venn diagram of reality, right?
So, I am just sharing with you. That's all.
- Do I need to –
- No, you don't have to do a thing except make your art.
- That's very nice, by the way.
- My art's made, thank you.
I am just chilling out.
I am just doing this to chill out.
- I hung everything this morning.
- Ok, I'm glad you're chill.
- Yeah I am.
- So be chill. That's cool.
(phone message beep)
- [Julia] I am chill.
- Oh my God, Sheila, no! Fuck.
(sigh)
No, just do what you do. Be brilliant.
Be beautiful.
Be attractive. You're going to attract
all these new people to your work,
it's going to be great.
- Okay. Thanks Patrick.
Cool.
- Are you –
- How did Michael get the day wrong?
How did that happen?
- I think he was dropped as a baby.
I think that's how he got the day wrong.
I think that that's the only way
he could have gotten a day wrong,
because from the beginning,
we've been saying Thursday.
The Gallery always does
their openings on a Thursday.
That's how we've done every opening.
That's how every opening
I've ever gone and I haven't been a part
of has gone at this gallery,
but for some reason,
this guy thought we were
doing it on a Friday.
I don't know. I have no idea.
Maybe he doesn't like Thor, I don't know.
(phone message beep)
- [Julia] Oh my God!
Hey Z!
(chuckles)
- Zara's coming to town, she made it.
Love you babe.
See you tomorrow.
- Thanks babe.
- [Julia] For what?
- [Patrick] I love you too, babe.
- Are you making fun of me?
- [Patrick] No, you said I love you babe,
right? I'm just saying I love you too babe.
- I was texting Z.
- [Patrick] I saw you were texting Z.
But you said, I love you babe
so I thought maybe you're talking to me.
So, I said I love you too, babe.
I was just, you know -
- [Julia] I do love you, but I was texting
Z that I'm excited to see her tomorrow.
She's going to come into town
and see the exhibition.
She's here for the opening.
- [Patrick] The opening?
- Yeah.
- She's here for your opening?
Is that what you're saying?
- Okay.
(Patrick laughs)
- [Julia] That's hilarious.
- Yeah, it's hilarious.
- Yeah.
(sigh)
(phone slammed down)
- [Julia VO] Thanks for meeting up today.
I know you are busy,
doing whatever you're doing.
- [Zara VO] I'm busy?
- [Julia VO] Yeah, you're signing up for courses and shit.
- [Zara VO] Yeah, but tell
me about the exhibition.
- [Julia] You gonna come?
- Well, I don't know.
Maybe not the opening, but...
I'll definitely come see it.
- What the fuck? Not at the opening?
- Well, I don't want to be there...
- Z!
- Well, isn't it going to weird
with that Patrick guy? Stop.
- Why do you call him that Patrick guy?
What's that about?
- Well, isn't he that guy,
the guy of the moment?
And his name is Patrick.
- Is it because it is a guy, is
that why you are pissed off?
- No.
- Is that why?
- Is that new?
- Stop it!
- [Julia] Is that new?
- [Zara] Yeah, it is, that is new.
And while we are talking about new things,
why don't you want to tell me about this?
- Yeah, we got married.
We got married, Z.
- Wait, so –
- We got married before –
-Wait, wait, wait –
So...
You and Patrick.
- Got married?
- Uh-huh.
It felt right. You know,
he likes me the way I am.
He understands me.
He gets it. He thinks that it's
great that I am so clear
about my communicating and my
feelings and why I want to be –
- Wait, go back. Why?
So you were married before
you came to Melbourne?
- [Julia] Um, yeah.
- And you didn't tell anyone?
- I didn't tell anyone.
I didn't know how to bring it up
with mum and dad and...
I hadn't really seen you in
so long and you were...
I mean you weren't over
joyed when I left –
- [Zara] Yeah.
- [Julia] for New York so I...
I didn't know how you would take it.
I didn't know what it would mean.
- [Julia] Z, I'm sorry that I didn't share.
- It's fine, it's...
Congratulations.
- You mean that?
- Yeah.
- Well, I...
- So how's it going –
- I don't know.
- This married life?
- I don't know how married life is going.
I don't know because he's
not really talking to me.
- Why?
- I slept with Henri. In Melbourne and
I thought that
- Oh my God.
- Patrick would understand if I...
just told him the truth.
- Wait.
- He's not been the same, he's not
been the same for a while.
And I don't know who
to tell. Who do I tell?
All my friends are his friends.
Who do I explain it to, and
what happens if happens again?
Our deal was that I would always
let him know before I had
a desire or and I've found someone –
- Yeah, but you were selfish
and you decided to get married
and then come to Melbourne
and sleep with Henri and not tell him –
- Whoah, whoah, I didn't decide to do that.
You know that's not how it works.
- No, I think I do know how it works.
You choose to sleep with
somebody, it is a choice.
- It is not a choice!
What part of that do you not understand?
You've never got that.
You've never like actually stopped to reflect
and to listen to what I am saying ever.
- Yeah because it's all about what
you're saying and how you're feeling.
How do you not think about anybody else
in these relationships that you have?
- Yeah, I'm a selfish
bitch. You're totally right.
- Well, what does Patrick think of it all?
- [Julia] I told you, he's not really
communicating with me.
He hasn't really looked at me properly.
Like he makes stupid comments about sex.
God I can't even get a
text message from you
without him saying something...
perverse and stupid and...
I don't know what it means.
I don't know if we stay together.
I don't know if he'll understand,
I don't know.
And I do know that I am gonna want to
be with someone else at
some point of time, and –
- So then why did you get married?
- Because he understood that, he doesn't
have any issue with that, or so he says.
- Well, obviously he does.
This is why it doesn't work, Jules.
I have told you this so many times.
I get it, I get it, I get it.
I just don't understand
how you don't understand.
- I do understand.
I understand that I should have
told him before it happened.
I understand that it happened organically
because we have a connection.
And that is who I am
and it's to follow that.
- It's not who you are.
- I get that you are so
loving and generous –
- It's not about being loving, it's about choosing
my sexual consent and the people I am with.
- Exactly. Choosing. It's a choice
that you are making.
I just think you are kidding yourself.
I just think you are lying. I think that
when you are in a
relationship with somebody,
there is this vulnerability
that you need to have,
which is just so precious and beautiful.
And when you jeopardise that, Jules,
all the time. It just...
I just don't get it.
("Broken Love" by Carter Harrell)
♪ Nobody tells you
That for every kiss ♪
♪ There is an up all night
Fight on the phone ♪
♪ Nobody warns you
That love's just a mess ♪
♪ And we're making it up
As we go ♪
♪ Well love may be patient
Love may be kind ♪
♪ But it sure don't come easy
All the time ♪
♪ She thinks she must be broken
And I must be out of my mind ♪
♪ She doesn't know ♪
♪ Sometimes love is broken too ♪
♪ It's got highs, it's got lows ♪
♪ Just like me
And just like you ♪
♪ Love is broken too ♪
(crowd chatter)
- Hey.
- You ready?
- Are we ready?
- No one's ever ready.
But we're here.
We're here together.
(crowd chatter)
- Yeah.
(crowd clapping)
("Magnifying Us" by Illvi Mist)